So how can we find the sum of elements in
singly linked list We can write a recursive
function and passed the head as the argument
And inside every recursive call we need to check
whether the current node is null or not
If it is not null add the current node data and
invoked the next recursive call with head
Next continued this task until we reach the end of
the linked list
When we reach null we can return zero
That is our base case
So let us see how it works
So this is the input list
First we call the function by passing head first check if
it is null
But it is not so add its data and called
the function again with head next here also checked If
the node is null but it is not so Add its
data and called the function again with next node here
also check If they node is null but it is not
so
Add its data and called the function again with next
node and here also the node is null so add
the data eight and called the function again with next
node
Now here the node is not valid
It is equal to null it is null so we
can return zero
So here we will get eight plus zero
That is eight
So return it
And here we will get 12 plus eight that is
20 and that is returned to last call
And there we will have 9 plus
20 that is 29 which will be returned to last
call
And there we will get 7 plus
29 that is 36 which will be the final result
and it will be returned to main function.